DROP TABLE IF EXISTS ds_staging_conv.fact_nb_prescription_tracking_interim1;
CREATE TABLE ds_staging_conv.fact_nb_prescription_tracking_interim1(
status_ref_pr BIGINT,
edh_record_status_in_pr VARCHAR(1),
status_ref_req BIGINT,
edh_record_status_in_req VARCHAR(1),
status_ref_cr BIGINT,
edh_record_status_in_cr VARCHAR(1),
cntrctid_ref BIGINT,
reqmntid_ref BIGINT,
kincrqid_code VARCHAR(20),
prscstid_ref BIGINT,
prscstat_ordstat VARCHAR(10),
prscstat_applstat VARCHAR(10),
creation_date VARCHAR(50),
suborder_reqstdte VARCHAR(50),
suborder_respdte VARCHAR(50),
suborder_resltcde BIGINT,
suborder_resltcom VARCHAR(500),
retrvorder_reqstdte VARCHAR(50),
retrvorder_respdte VARCHAR(50),
retrvorder_resltcde BIGINT,
retrvorder_resltcom VARCHAR(500),
numof_tries BIGINT,
tracking_id VARCHAR(36),
prscstat_url VARCHAR(255),
error_message VARCHAR(128),
status_code VARCHAR(10),
cntrctid_ref_c BIGINT,
cntrctid_number VARCHAR(25),
reqown_ent_name VARCHAR(18),
dim_nb_requirement_ref_sk BIGINT,
reqr_cd_nk VARCHAR(20),
reqr_ref_id INTEGER,
dim_nb_contract_sk BIGINT,
dim_contract_sk BIGINT,
dat_src_cd_nk VARCHAR(3),
contract_type_decode VARCHAR(32),
prodctid_code_CT VARCHAR(10),
plan_id_code_CT VARCHAR(10),
prodctid_ref BIGINT,
plan_id_ref BIGINT,
dim_nb_product_sk BIGINT,
plan_version VARCHAR(10),
lkp_product_cd VARCHAR(10),
lkp_plan_cd VARCHAR(10),
status_ref_ps BIGINT,
issue_code_decode VARCHAR(32),
risk_score VARCHAR(10),
risk_scorecmp VARCHAR(10),
credit_dataord VARCHAR(10),
credit_datahit VARCHAR(10),
filterclaim_count VARCHAR(10)
);